how's it going guys another little round
up of WWE 2k14 news and notes for you to
date might be a little bit short of a
normal but still a few interesting bits
for you guys today so let's get straight
into it so I've been getting a lot of
questions from you guys about how
exactly a double a a or a double shell
shock is going to be done on to the 14
and I run up on it as best I can and can
now confirm how exactly it is done you
basically do the double moves by putting
your two opponents in the corner which
can be done by dragging or by Irish whip
both guys have to be facing forward and
you need three finishers stored up like
you will go a normal OMG moment and then
when all that's in place you simply go
in the corner press Y or triangle like a
normal finisher and that is how it's
done so I think there is only the two
moves not being a double shell shock and
double-a a but those double moves should
be pretty fun to do and it's probably
going to be one of the first things I do
try out when the game is actually
released now guys a few notes now on the
gameplay we have heard some of us before
but for anyone new to the channel this
is going to be for you the gameplay in
two day 14 is confirmed to be much more
faster tighter and smoother The Strokes
are much faster compared to last year so
you don't need to be adjusting similar
timing in regards to russell's for them
and speaking of reversals they are said
to be harder this year and the majority
other reversals actually turned into it
of a moon just to kind of keep the match
going at a decent pace a final note now
on the game play again oui Paris before
but just for anyone who hasn't heard it
yet and just a kind of reconfirm the one
count glitch from doughy daily 13 as God
numerous people that played the game
this year have preferred there has been
many many two accounts so that has
obviously some awesome news another
piece of news if you go today is that
Stone Cold Steve Austin's pre-order
entrance that being a TV one from 13 is
firm to be a new entrance on a ticket
for team that's been spotted in some
gameplay from all the recent gaming
conventions so you're a fan of stone
cold any fan of the ATV entrance but
maybe didn't get the pre order stuff
last year then don't worry this year
you're going to be getting that on the
actual disc and now a note on the 30
years of WrestleMania matches it's been
confirmed body wwegames but they're
going to be partner it with a fleet
report which of you guys don't know as a
website and together they're going to be
revealing every single WrestleMania
match next week so i think it was
confirmed they're going to be announced
in the first 10 matches on monday and
then the rest spread out for the rest of
the week so you guys aren't familiar
with Bleacher Report then don't worry
too much I'll be covering all that
earnings are more right back here on the
channel but the final piece of news of
you go today in today's two day 14 News
and those round up now this was actually
brand new to me but you know maybe blow
mr. but for so maybe twill not two of
you might already but hopefully this is
going to be some big news for most of us
there has been another new catchin and
catapult finisher confirmed that being
the rock bottom kind of a strain you
want to do as a catch and finish shut
let alone a catapult finisher I think
I've touched on this in previous videos
but not entirely sure how realistic some
of these catapult finishes are going to
look underneath it necessary happy
realistic you know some people just
appreciate the kind of fun stuff it's
still just some a realistic standpoint
I'm not entirely convinced i mean i get
raleigh but i get the shell shocked
because right back is a beast you know
you could throw people around left right
and center but moves up the rock bottom
not so much as a catch and finish up
more the capital finisher might look a
bit strange i mean guys try and imagine
rock vs. stone cold or if it to us then
rock froze within the egg a super rock
bottom you know it might look a bit
strange but I guess realism isn't
everything so hopefully even they're not
realistic they should be at least under
try
I so that is it for this one guard is
not a whole lot of news for you today
but still some interest and stuff like I
touched on before the mania matches are
going to be coming next week hopefully
or some more journal information as well
so stay tuned to lasalle because I'm
going to be covering every single bit of
it all week long in the meantime goes
feel free to check out the video
description because I'm going to be
linked in some videos down there that
I've done the last few days if you guys
didn't know you two buzzing playing up
the last few days and videos haven't
been getting set the sub boxes and stuff
like that so yeah feel free to check out
the description there might be a video
down there or sue but you guys haven't
seen so just feel free to catch up on
them lastly comments likes favorites
shares all that good stuff helps me out
as a helps more people find the channel
so if you guys can do any of that that
is truly appreciated by me but until
next time this has been a 101 finest
watching as always and I will see you
all on the next one